Killed the Situ family leader
There will be other damn endings
So here's what I'm going to do.
Let the entire Situ family disappear completely
Then replace
I feel that in this world
It's still better without the Situ family
Only when each family is balanced can the world be peaceful
Exactly as your father guessed
The Situ family is now in power
In the hands of Situ Azhou
He sent out invitations today to hold a world meeting
Welcome to the ancestor Situ Zude
Director Stuart is powerful
I'm afraid it's invincible this time
It's just a coffin
I'm going to see it
What the hell
I have been a hermit in the Situ family for many years
Xiao mouse generation dares to challenge my Situ family's Tianwei
everyone
Today I call Situ Zude, the ancestor of the Situ family
same-day customs clearance
lead the world
From now on, you only have to follow one rule
That is Shun Wo Situ Chang
Those who oppose us will die
I know your Li family is a small secretary?
Do you still want to come out of the fire in the soil now?
The chick lives in bed and twists her butt
Stop chopping draft beer
Come out and catch the adults
Your Situ family is amazing
Who knows which Shantou your ancestor died in?
Do we surrender with empty and white teeth?